Project 2- Stroop Effect:

In a Stroop task, participants are presented with a list of words, with each word displayed in a color of ink.
The participant’s task is to say out loud the color of the ink in which the word is printed.
The task has two conditions: a congruent words condition, and an incongruent words condition. 
In the congruent words condition, the words being displayed are color words whose names match the colors in which they are printed: for example RED, BLUE.
In the incongruent words condition, the words displayed are color words whose names do not match the colors in which they are printed: for example PURPLE, ORANGE.
In each case, we measure the time it takes to name the ink colors in equally-sized lists.
Each participant will go through and record a time from each condition.

My Test result from https://faculty.washington.edu/chudler/java/ready.html :

Congruent words: 13.814
Incongruent words: 36.759	


1.	What is our independent variable? What is our dependent variable?

Independent Variable: The word printed condition compare to the color showing. Congruent Word/Incongruent word.

Dependent variable is: the time is takings to name the ink colors in equivalent list. 

2.	What is an appropriate set of hypotheses for this task? What kind of statistical test do you expect to perform? Justify your choices.

            Null Hypothesis (H0) μc−μi≥0:
The null hypothesis (H0) is that the average of the population reaction time under the incongruent words condition is not considerably longer than that of the congruent words condition.

            The alternative hypothesis (Ha) μc−μi<0:
is that the mean of the population reaction time under the incongruent words condition is considerably longer than that of the congruent words condition.

The statistical test that will fit our sample size is paired t-test:

Based in the sample provided, we only have 24 participants which is under 30.
Also the Variance or standard deviation of the population is unknown. hypothesis is that participant's incongruent sample mean will be larger than the participant's congruent sample mean. 


3.Report some descriptive statistics regarding this dataset.
Include at least one measure of central tendency and at least one measure of variability.










